# <ins>AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals</ins> 

## <ins>Review Set 1 (90.28%)</ins>	

> Q. What service enables you to correlate trace events from multiple Azure VMs 
and other resources into a centralized repository?

	> A.  Azure Monitor

> Q. A company needs to implement various security features to its Azure cloud environment. The appropriate Azure services must be used to meet the following security requirements:
	- Directly monitor the domain controller traffic and detect security threats using a sensor.
	
	> A. Microsoft Defender for Identity)
	
> Q. Enable Azure Multi-Factor Authentication with conditional access policies for more granular controls.
	
	> A. Azure Active Directory

> Q. Your company is currently hosting a web application in an Azure virtual machine.
		The application is processing mission-critical workloads.
		They plan to reduce the costs by migrating it to a new instace.
		Solution: Purchase a reserved capacity.
		Does the solution meet the goal.
	
	> A. (NO)

---------------------------------------------------------

## <ins>Review Set 2 (89.47%)</ins>

> Q. For each of the following items, choose Yes if the statement is true or choose No if the statement is false. 
	- Take note that each correct item is worth one point.
	- Multiple resource groups in an Azure subscription will incur additional costs.

	> A. (NO)

> Q. Your company stores its media assets in a storage account located in the Singapore region.
		You need to recommend a solution to ensure that if the Singapore region fails, the data can still be accessed. The solution should also be cost-effective.	
	Solution: Configure your storage account to use geo-redundant storage (GRS) option.
	
	> A. (YES)

> Q. What service enables you to evaluate the regulatory compliance 
	as well as improve the compliance posture of your Azure environment?
	
	> A. Microsoft Defender for Cloud


> Q. Reservations are considered as consumption-based pricing. 

	> A. (NO)

> Q. Data transfer between Availability Zones is free.

	> A. (NO)

> Q. Azure Advisor provides a list of Azure virtual machines that are backed up by the 
Azure Backup service.

	> A. (NO)

----------------------------------------------------

## <ins>Review Set 3  (88.24%)</ins>

> Q. What migration plan should you recommend?
Solution: Deploy an Azure virtual machine for your application server and an 
Azure SQL Database for your database server.

	> A. (NO)

> Q. A DNS-based traffic load balancer 
	
	> (A) - Traffic Manager
  Q. Global load balancing and site acceleration service 
	
	> (A) - Azure Front Door

> Q. The consumption-based model is considered to be capital expenditures (CapEx)

	> A. (NO)

> Q. Capital expenditures generate benefits over a long period. 
These expenditures are generally nonrecurring and result in the acquisition of permanent assets.

	> A. (YES)


> Q. On-premises Active Directory identities cannot be synchronized to Azure Active Directory.

	> A. (NO)

> Q. When you store data in an Archive access tier, the data ____

	> A. must be rehydrated first before you can access the data

------------------------------------------------------------------